Clarity fixes (#5)
AkariAsai/self-rag: README.md

```
As you can see, Self-RAG starts generating responses without retrieval in the first query when it does not require retrieval. On the other hand, Self-RAG output `[Retrieve]` tokens for the second, as this question requires more fine-grained factual grounding. 

> For queries that require factual grounding, you can insert a paragraph. Self-RAG retrieves and inserts paragraphs anytime while generating, and recognizes them as long as they are surrounded by context markup special tokens `<paragraph>`, `</paragraph>`.   

Author: ```suggestion
For queries that require factual grounding, you can insert a paragraph. Self-RAG can retrieve and insert paragraphs anytime while generating, and recognizes them as long as they are surrounded by context markup special tokens `<paragraph>`, `</paragraph>`.   
```
